To find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN (Content Delivery Network), you can use a tool such as the "traceroute" command. Traceroute is a network diagnostic tool that shows the route that a packet of data takes from your computer to the destination website. By using traceroute, you can see the IP addresses of the intermediate servers that the packet passes through on its way to the website, and you can find the IP address of the origin server that is serving the website behind the CDN.
Here is an example of how to use the traceroute command to find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN:
Open a command prompt or terminal on your computer.
Type the following command and press Enter: traceroute [website-name]
For example, if the website you want to find the real IP address of is "example.com", you would type the following command:
traceroute example.com
This command will show the route that a packet of data takes from your computer to the website. The output will show the IP addresses of the intermediate servers that the packet passes through on its way to the website, and it will also show the IP address of the origin server that is serving the website behind the CDN.



Another way to find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN is to use a website that provides this information, such as "CDN Planet". CDN Planet is a website that provides information and tools for CDN users and administrators. It provides a tool called the "CDN Finder" that can be used to find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN.
Here is an example of how to use CDN Planet's CDN Finder tool to find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN:
Go to the CDN Planet website at https://www.cdnplanet.com/.
Click on the "CDN Finder" tab in the top menu.
In the "Enter a Domain" field, type the name of the website you want to find the real IP address of and press Enter.
For example, if the website you want to find the real IP address of is "example.com", you would type "example.com" in the "Enter a Domain" field.
The CDN Finder tool will show the real IP address of the website behind the CDN, along with other information such as the CDN provider and the type of CDN used.




Another way to find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN is to use the "nslookup" command. Nslookup is a network administration tool that is used to query the Domain Name System (DNS) to find information about a domain name or IP address. By using nslookup, you can find the IP address of the origin server that is serving the website behind the CDN.
Here is an example of how to use the nslookup command to find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN:
Open a command prompt or terminal on your computer.
Type the following command and press Enter: nslookup [website-name]
For example, if the website you want to find the real IP address of is "example.com", you would type the following command:
nslookup example.com
This command will query the DNS to find the IP address of the website. The output will show the IP address of the origin server that is serving the website behind the CDN.




Another way to find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN is to use the "dig" command. Dig is a network administration tool that is used to query the Domain Name System (DNS) to find information about a domain name or IP address. By using dig, you can find the IP address of the origin server that is serving the website behind the CDN.
Here is an example of how to use the dig command to find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN:
Open a command prompt or terminal on your computer.
Type the following command and press Enter: dig [website-name]
For example, if the website you want to find the real IP address of is "example.com", you would type the following command:
dig example.com
This command will query the DNS to find the IP address of the website. The output will show the IP address of the origin server that is serving the website behind the CDN.




Another advanced way to find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN is to use a network traffic analysis tool such as Wireshark. Wireshark is a powerful network protocol analyzer that can be used to capture, analyze, and inspect network traffic. By using Wireshark, you can find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN by analyzing the network traffic between your computer and the website.
Here is an example of how to use Wireshark to find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN:
Install and open Wireshark on your computer.
In Wireshark, select the network interface that you want to use to capture network traffic.
Start the network capture by clicking on the "Start" button.
Open a web browser on your computer and go to the website you want to find the real IP address of.
Stop the network capture by clicking on the "Stop" button in Wireshark.
In Wireshark, use the filter field to filter the captured network traffic by the domain name of the website you are interested in.
For example, if the website you want to find the real IP address of is "example.com", you would type "example.com" in the filter field.
In the filtered network traffic, look for the DNS response packets that contain the IP address of the website. The IP address of the origin server that is serving the website behind the CDN will be in the "Answer" section of the DNS response packet.




Another advanced way to find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN is to use a network traffic analysis tool such as tcpdump. Tcpdump is a command-line network traffic analyzer that can be used to capture and analyze network packets. By using tcpdump, you can find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN by capturing and analyzing the network traffic between your computer and the website.
Here is an example of how to use tcpdump to find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN:
Open a terminal or command prompt on your computer.
Type the following command and press Enter: tcpdump -i [interface] -nn
Replace "[interface]" with the name of the network interface you want to use to capture network traffic.
For example, if you want to capture network traffic on the "eth0" interface, you would type the following command:
tcpdump -i eth0 -nn
Open a web browser on your computer and go to the website you want to find the real IP address of.
In the terminal where tcpdump is running, look for the DNS response packets that contain the IP address of the website. The IP address of the origin server that is serving the website behind the CDN will be in the "Answer" section of the DNS response packet.




Another way to find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN is to use a DNS history website such as "DNS History". DNS History is a website that provides a searchable database of DNS records, including the historical DNS records of a domain. By using DNS History, you can find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN by looking up the historical DNS records of the domain.
Here is an example of how to use DNS History to find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN:
Go to the DNS History website at https://dnshistory.org/.
In the "Domain Name" field, type the name of the website you want to find the real IP address of and press Enter.
For example, if the website you want to find the real IP address of is "example.com", you would type "example.com" in the "Domain Name" field.
The DNS History website will show the historical DNS records for the domain, including the IP address of the origin server that is serving the website behind the CDN.



Another way to find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN is to use a technique called SSRF (Server-Side Request Forgery). SSRF is a type of web vulnerability that allows an attacker to send malicious requests from the vulnerable server to other servers or services on the network. By exploiting an SSRF vulnerability, an attacker can bypass the CDN and send requests directly to the origin server, allowing them to find the real IP address of the website.
Here is an example of how to use SSRF to find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN:
Find a web application that is vulnerable to SSRF and that is running on a server that can access the website you want to find the real IP address of.
Use the SSRF vulnerability to send a request from the vulnerable server to the website, using a specially crafted URL that includes the IP address of the origin server that is serving the website behind the CDN.
For example, if the website you want to find the real IP address of is "example.com" and the IP address of the origin server is "192.0.2.1", you could use the following URL in the SSRF request:
http://192.0.2.1/index.html
If the SSRF request is successful, the server will return the contents of the website hosted at the IP address specified in the URL. This will allow you to find the real IP address of the website behind the CDN.




Another way to find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN is to use a network scanning tool such as Nmap. Nmap is a powerful network scanning and security tool that can be used to discover hosts and services on a network, including the real IP addresses of websites behind a CDN.
Here is an example of how to use Nmap to find the real IP address of a website behind a CDN:
Install and open Nmap on your computer.
In Nmap, use the "Host Discovery" options to scan the network for hosts that are serving the website you want to find the real IP address of.
For example, if the website you want to find the real IP address of is "example.com", you could use the following command to scan for hosts serving the "example.com" domain:
nmap -sn -PS example.com
This command will use the "Ping Scan" (-sP) and "SYN Ping" (-PS) options to scan the network for hosts serving the "example.com" domain.
In the output of the scan, look for the IP address of the origin server that is serving the website behind the CDN. This will be the real IP address of the website.
